Fixes #9483 - Update description of `-UFormat %s` (#9487)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Date.md

| `%y` | Year in 2-digit format                                                  | 19                       |
| `%Z` | Time zone offset from Universal Time Coordinate (UTC)                   | -07                      |

> [!NOTE]

> > Window PowerShell's behavior with `Get-Date -UFormat %s` is incorrect in two respects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Windows PowerShell's behavior with `Get-Date -UFormat %s` is incorrect in two respects:
```

| `%y` | Year in 2-digit format                                                  | 19                       |
| `%Z` | Time zone offset from Universal Time Coordinate (UTC)                   | -07                      |

> [!NOTE]

> > Window sPowerShell's behavior with `Get-Date -UFormat %s` is incorrect in two respects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Windows PowerShell's behavior with `Get-Date -UFormat %s` is incorrect in two respects:
```
